Adobe Font Software License Agreement

Notice to user: Please read this agreement carefully. By copying, installing or using all or any portion of the font software you accept all the terms and conditions of this agreement, including, in particular, the limitations on: Use contained in Section 2; Transferability in Section 5; Warranty in Sections 7 and 8; Liability in Section 9; and Specific Provisions and Exceptions in Section 15. You agree that this agreement is like any written negotiated agreement signed by you. This agreement is enforceable against you and any legal entity that obtained the font software and on whose behalf it is used: for example, if applicable, your employer. If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement, do not use the font software. Visit http://www.adobe.com for terms of and limitations on returning the font software for a refund.

You may have another written agreement directly with Adobe (e.g., a volume license agreement) that supplements or supersedes all or portions of this agreement.

Adobe and its suppliers own all intellectual property in the Font Software. The Font Software is licensed, not sold. Adobe permits you to copy, download, install, use, or otherwise benefit from the functionality or intellectual property of the Font Software only in accordance with the terms of this agreement. Use of some third party materials included in the Font Software may be subject to other terms and conditions typically found in a separate license agreement or “Read Me” file located near such materials.

1. Definitions.

“Adobe” means Adobe Systems Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110, if subsection 11 (a) of this agreement applies; otherwise it means Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited, 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Campus, Dublin 24, Ireland, a company organized under the laws of Ireland and an affiliate and licensee of Adobe Systems Incorporated.

“Computer” means a computer device that accepts information in digital or similar form and manipulates it for a specific result based on a sequence of instructions.

“eBook” means an electronic document in EPUB format or any EPUB derivative format (e.g., Apple iBook or Amazon Kindle) which employs the same or greater degree of font obfuscation or protection.

“Internal Network” means a private, proprietary network resource accessible only by employees and individual contractors (i.e., temporary employees) of a specific corporation or similar business entity. Internal Network does not include the Internet or any other network community open to the public, including but not limited to membership or subscription driven groups, associations and similar organizations.

“Permitted Number” means five (5) unless otherwise indicated under a valid license (e.g., volume license) granted by Adobe.

“Font Software” means (a) all of the information with which this agreement is provided, including but not limited to (i) Adobe or third party software files or instructions which, when used on an appropriate device or devices, generates typeface and typographic designs and ornaments; (ii) all bitmap representations of typeface and typographic designs and ornaments created by or derived from the Font Software; and (iii) related explanatory written materials and files (“Documentation”); and (b) any modified versions and copies of, and upgrades, updates and additions to such information, provided to you by Adobe at any time, to the extent not provided under a separate agreement (collectively, “Updates”).

2. Font Software License.

As long as you obtained the Software from Adobe or one of its authorized licensees and as long as you comply with the terms of this agreement, Adobe grants you a non-exclusive license to use the Font Software in the manner and for the purposes described in this EULA, as further set forth below. See Section 15 for specific provisions related to certain components.

2.1. General Use. You may install and use one copy of the Font Software on up to the Permitted Number of your compatible Computers.

2.2. Server Deployment. You may install one copy of the Font Software on one Computer file server within your Internal Network for the purpose of downloading and installing the Font Software on up to the Permitted Number of other Computers within the same Internal Network.

2.3. Server Use. You may install one copy of the Font Software on one Computer file server within your Internal Network for the purpose of using the Font Software through commands, data or instructions (e.g., scripts) from another Computer within the same Internal Network, provided that the total number of users (not the concurrent number of users) that are permitted to use the Font Software on such Computer file server does not exceed the Permitted Number. No other network use is permitted, including, but not limited to use of the Font Software, either directly or through commands, data or instructions, from or to a Computer not part of your Internal Network, for Internet or web hosting services or by any user not licensed to use this copy of the Font Software under a valid license from Adobe.

2.4. Portable or Home Computer Use. The primary user of the Computer on which the Font Software is installed may install a second copy of the Font Software for his or her exclusive use on either a portable Computer or a Computer located at his or her home, provided the Font Software on the portable or home Computer is not used at the same time as the Font Software on the primary Computer.

2.5. Backup Copy. You may make a reasonable number of backup copies of the Font Software, provided your backup copies are not installed or used for other than archival purposes.

2.6. You may use the Font Software on Computers as described in this Section 2 and output the Font Software to any output device(s) connected to such Computer(s).

2.6.1. If the Permitted Number of Computers is five (5), you may download the Font Software to the memory (hard disk or RAM) of one output device connected to at least one of such Computers for the purpose of having the Font Software remain resident in such output device, and of one additional such output device for every multiple of five (5) represented by the Permitted Number of Computers.

2.6.2. You may (i) send a copy of the font(s) you have used for a particular file to a commercial printer or other service bureau, and such service bureau may use the font(s) to process your file, provided such service bureau has a valid license to use that particular Font Software; (ii) temporarily transfer the font to a graphic designer, printer, agent or independent contractor who is working on behalf of the person or entity that obtained the Font Software from Adobe or one of its authorized licensees, only if the developer, agent or independent contractor (a) agrees in writing to use the font exclusively for licensee’s work, according to the terms of this EULA; and (b) retains no copies of the font upon completion of the work.

2.6.3. You may convert the Font Software into another format for installation and use in other environments, subject to the following conditions: A computer on which the converted Font Software is used or installed will be considered as one of your Permitted Number of Computers. Use of the Font Software you have converted will be pursuant to all the terms and conditions of this agreement. Such converted font software may be used only for your own customary internal business or personal use and may not be distributed or transferred for any purpose, except in accordance with Section 5.4 of this agreement.

2.6.4. You may embed copies of the Font Software into your electronic documents for the purpose of printing and viewing the document. If the Font Software you are embedding is identified as “licensed for editable embedding” on Adobe’s website at http://www.adobe.com/type/browser/legal/additional_licenses.html, you may also embed copies of that Font Software for the additional purpose of editing your electronic documents. If the Font Software you are embedding has not been identified as “licensed for editable embedding, (i) the font must be subset to include only the glyphs necessary for displaying the work, (ii) the text rendered in the font must not be manipulatable by an end user, (iii) the font software may not be altered for the purpose of adding any functionality that the Font Software did not have when delivered to you by Adobe or one of its authorized licensees, (iv) the embedding bits in the Font Software may not be changed or altered, or (v) modified except in accordance with Section 2.6.3. If the font software you are embedding is in an eBook format (i) you may only embed those characters (i.e. a subset) of the font(s) that are necessary to display, print and view the eBook; and (ii) the published eBook file must obfuscate or protect its embedded font data from deliberate or inadvertent discovery or misuse. No other embedding rights are implied or permitted under this license.

2.6.5. If the Font Software you wish to modify is identified as “licensed for modification” on Adobe’s website at: http://www.adobe.com/type/browser/legal/additional_licenses.html, you may also modify the Font Software provided that such modified software is used only for your own customary internal business or personal use and may not be distributed or transferred for any purpose, except in accordance with Section 5.4 of this agreement. The fonts listed on the website as non-modifiable may be converted in accordance with Section 2.6.3 above but may not be otherwise modified in any way.

3. Online Services.

3.1. Adobe does not control, endorse or accept responsibility for websites or Online Services offered by third parties. Any dealings between you and any third party in connection with a website or Online Services, including delivery of and payment for goods and services and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party.

3.2. Your access to and use of any website is governed by the terms, conditions, disclaimers and notices found on such site, for example, the Terms of Use located at http://www.adobe.com/misc/copyright.html. Adobe may at any time, for any reason, modify or discontinue the availability of any website and Online Services.

3.3. Except as expressly agreed by Adobe or its affiliates or a third party in a separate agreement, your use of websites and online services is at your own risk. Please see Sections 8 and 9 for Warranty and Liability Limitations which govern websites and online services.

4. Intellectual Property Ownership. The Font Software and any authorized copies that you make are the intellectual property of and are owned by Adobe Systems Incorporated and its suppliers. The structure, organization and code of the Font Software are the valuable trade secrets and confidential information of Adobe Systems Incorporated and its suppliers. The Font Software is protected by law, including but not limited to the copyright laws of the United States and other countries, and by international treaty provisions. Except as expressly stated herein, this agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Font Software and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by Adobe and its suppliers.

5. Restrictions.

5.1. Notices. You may not copy the Font Software except as set forth in Section 2 and 15. Any permitted copy of the Font Software that you make must contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on or in the Font Software.

5.2. No Modifications. Except as permitted in Section 2.6, you may not modify, adapt or translate the Font Software. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Font Software except to the extent you may be expressly permitted under applicable law to decompile only in order to achieve interoperability with the Font Software.

5.3. No Unbundling. The Font Software may include one or more typefaces within the package. Nonetheless, the Font Software is designed and provided to you as a single product to be used as a single product on Computers as permitted by Sections 2 and 15. You are not required to use all of the Font Software, but you may not unbundle the singular typefaces of the Font Software for use on different Computers. You may not unbundle or repackage the Font Software for distribution, transfer or resale. See Section 15 for specific exceptions to this Section.

5.4. No Transfer. You may not rent, lease, sell, sublicense, assign or transfer your rights in the Font Software, or authorize any portion of the font software to be copied onto another individual or legal entity’s Computer except as may be permitted herein. You may, however, transfer all your rights to use the Font Software to another individual or legal entity provided that: (a) you also transfer (i) this agreement, and (ii) all copies of font software converted into other formats to such individual or entity; (b) you retain no upgrades, updates or copies, including backups and copies stored on a computer; and (c) the receiving party accepts the terms and conditions of this agreement and any other terms and conditions under which you purchased a valid license to the Software. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may not transfer education, pre-release, or Not For Resale copies of the Font Software. Prior to a transfer Adobe, or its Affiliates and Suppliers, may require that you and the receiving party confirm in writing your compliance with this agreement, provide Adobe with information about yourselves, and register as end-users of the Font Software.

6. Updates. If the Font Software is an upgrade or update to a previous version of the Font Software, you must possess a valid license to such previous version in order to use such upgrade or update. All upgrades and updates are provided to you on a license exchange basis. You agree that by using an upgrade or update you voluntarily terminate your right to use any previous version of the Font Software. As an exception, you may continue to use previous versions of the Font Software on your Computer after you use the upgrade or update but only to assist you in the transition to the upgrade or update, provided that the upgrade or update and the previous versions are installed on the same computer. Upgrades and updates may be licensed to you by Adobe, or its Affiliates and Suppliers, with additional or different terms.

7. Limited Warranty. Except as may be otherwise provided in Section 15, Adobe warrants to the individual or entity that first purchases a license for the Font Software for use on Computers pursuant to the terms of this agreement that the Font Software will perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation for the ninety (90) day period following receipt of the Font Software when used on the recommended operating system and hardware configuration. Non-substantial variation of performance from any Documentation does not establish a warranty right. This limited warranty does not apply to patches, Font Software converted into other formats, pre-release (beta), tryout, starter, evaluation, product sampler, or Not For Resale (NFR) copies of font software, or websites, online services or CD services. (See Section 15.) All warranty claims must be made, along with proof of purchase, within such ninety (90) day period. If the Font Software does not perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation, the entire liability of Adobe and its affiliates and your exclusive remedy will be limited to either, at Adobe’s option, replacement of the Software or refund of the license fee you paid for the Font Software. The limited warranty set forth in this section gives you specific legal rights. You may have additional rights which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. For further warranty information, please see the jurisdiction specific provisions at the end of this agreement, if any, or contact the Adobe Customer Support Department.

8. Disclaimer. The foregoing limited warranty is the only warranty made by Adobe and its affiliates and states the sole and exclusive remedies for Adobe, its affiliates or suppliers’ breach of warranty. Except for the foregoing limited warranty and any warranty, condition, representation or term to the extent the same cannot or may not be excluded or limited by law applicable to you in your jurisdiction, Adobe and its affiliates and suppliers provide the Font Software and access to any websites, online services and CD services as-is and with all faults and expressly disclaim all other warranties, conditions, representations or terms, express or implied, whether by statute, common law, custom, usage or otherwise as to any matter, including but not limited to performance, security, non-infringement of third party rights, integration, merchantability, quiet enjoyment, satisfactory quality or fitness for any particular purpose. The provisions of Section 8 and Section 9 will survive the termination of this agreement, howsoever caused, but this will not imply or create any continued right to use the Software after termination of this agreement.

9. Limitation of Liability. Except for the exclusive remedy set forth above and as otherwise provided in Section 15, in no event will Adobe or its affiliates or suppliers be liable to you for any loss, damages, claims or costs whatsoever including any consequential, indirect or incidental damages, any lost profits or lost savings, any damages resulting from business interruption, personal injury or failure to meet any duty of care, or claims by a third party, even if an Adobe representative has been advised of the possibility of such loss, damages, claims or costs. The foregoing limitations and exclusions apply to the extent permitted by applicable law in your jurisdiction. Adobe’s aggregate liability and that of its affiliates and suppliers under or in connection with this agreement will be limited to the amount paid for the font software, if any. This limitation will apply even in the event of a fundamental or material breach or a breach of the fundamental or material terms of this agreement. Nothing contained in this agreement limits Adobe’s liability to you in the event of death or personal injury resulting from Adobe’s negligence or for the tort of deceit (fraud). Adobe is acting on behalf of its affiliates and suppliers for the purpose of disclaiming, excluding and limiting obligations, warranties and liability, but in no other respects and for no other purpose. For further information, please see the jurisdiction specific information at the end of this agreement, if any, or contact the Adobe Customer Support Department.

10. Export Rules. You agree that the Font Software will not be shipped, transferred or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the United States Export Administration Act or any other export laws, restrictions or regulations (collectively the “Export Laws”). In addition, if the Font Software is identified as an export controlled item under the Export Laws, you represent and warrant that you are not a citizen of, or located within, an embargoed or otherwise restricted nation (including without limitation Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Libya, Cuba and North Korea) and that you are not otherwise prohibited under the Export Laws from receiving the Font Software. All rights to use the Font Software are granted on condition that such rights are forfeited if you fail to comply with the terms of this agreement.

11. Governing Law. This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws in force in: (a) the State of California, if a license to the Software is purchased when you are in the United States, Canada, or Mexico; or (b) Japan, if a license to the Font Software is purchased when you are in Japan, China, Korea, or other Southeast Asian country where all official languages are written in either an ideographic script (e.g., hanzi, kanji, or hanja), and/or other script based upon or similar in structure to an ideographic script, such as hangul or kana; or (c) England, if a license to the Font Software is purchased when you are in any jurisdiction not described above. The respective courts of Santa Clara County, California when California law applies, Tokyo District Court in Japan, when Japanese law applies, and the competent courts of London, England, when the law of England applies, shall each have non-exclusive jurisdiction over all disputes relating to this agreement. This agreement will not be governed by the conflict of law rules of any jurisdiction or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.

12. General Provisions. If any part of this agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of this agreement, which will remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. This agreement will not prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer. For example, for consumers in New Zealand who obtain the Font Software for personal, domestic or household use (not business purposes), this agreement is subject to the Consumer Guarantees Act. This agreement may only be modified by a writing signed by an authorized officer of Adobe. The English version of this agreement will be the version used when interpreting or construing this agreement. This is the entire agreement between Adobe and you relating to the Font Software and it supersedes any prior representations, discussions, undertakings, communications or advertising relating to the Font Software.

13. Notice to U.S. Government End Users.

13.1. Commercial Items. The Font Software and Documentation are “Commercial Item(s),” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. Section 2.101, consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. Sections 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, USA.

13.2. U.S. Government Licensing of Adobe Technology. You agree that when licensing Adobe Font Software for acquisition by the U.S. Government, or any contractor therefore, you will license consistent with the policies set forth in 48 C.F.R. Section 12.212 (for civilian agencies) and 48 C.F.R. Sections 227-7202-1 and 227-7202-4 (for the Department of Defense). For U.S. Government End Users, Adobe agrees to comply with all applicable equal opportunity laws including, if appropriate, the provisions of Executive Order 11246, as amended, Section 402 of the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 (38 USC 4212), and Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, and the regulations at 41 CFR Parts 60-1 through 60-60, 60-250, and 60-741. The affirmative action clause and regulations contained in the preceding sentence will be incorporated by reference in this agreement.

14. Compliance with Licenses. If you are a business, company or organization, you agree that upon request from Adobe or its authorized representative you will within thirty (30) days fully document and certify that use of any and all Adobe software at the time of the request is in conformity with your valid licenses from Adobe.

15. Specific Provisions and Exceptions. This section sets forth specific provisions related to certain components of the Font Software as well as limited exceptions to the above terms and conditions. To the extent that any provision in this section is in conflict with any other term or condition in this agreement, this section will supersede such other term or condition.

15.1. Limited Warranty for Users Residing in Germany or Austria. If you obtained the Font Software in Germany or Austria, and you usually reside in such country, then Section 7 does not apply; instead, Adobe warrants that the Font Software provides the functionalities set forth in the Documentation (the “agreed upon functionalities”) for the limited warranty period following receipt of the Font Software when used on the recommended hardware configuration. As used in this section, “limited warranty period” means one (1) year if you are a business user and two (2) years if you are not a business user. Non-substantial variation from the agreed upon functionalities will not and does not establish any warranty rights. This limited warranty does not apply to font software provided to you free of charge, for example, updates, pre-release, tryout, starter, product sampler and Not For Resale (NFR) copies of font software converted into other formats, web sites, online services, CD services or software that has been altered by you, to the extent such alteration caused a defect. To make a warranty claim, during the limited warranty period you must return, at our expense, the Font Software and proof of purchase to the location where you obtained it. If the functionalities of the Font Software vary substantially from the agreed upon functionalities, Adobe is entitled – by way of re-performance and at its own discretion – to repair or replace the Font Software. If this fails, you are entitled to a reduction of the purchase price (reduction) or to cancel the purchase agreement (rescission). For further warranty information, please contact the Adobe Customer Support Department.

15.2. Limitation of Liability for Users Residing in Germany and Austria.

15.2.1. If you obtained the Software in Germany or Austria, and you usually reside in such country, then Section 9 does not apply. Instead, subject to the provisions in Section 15.2.2, Adobe and its affiliates’ statutory liability for damages will be limited as follows: (i) Adobe and its affiliates will be liable only up to the amount of damages as typically foreseeable at the time of entering into the purchase agreement in respect of damages caused by a slightly negligent breach of a material contractual obligation and (ii) Adobe and its affiliates will not be liable for damages caused by a slightly negligent breach of a non- material contractual obligation.

15.2.2. The aforesaid limitation of liability will not apply to any mandatory statutory liability, in particular, to liability under the German Product Liability Act, liability for assuming a specific guarantee or liability for culpably caused personal injuries.

15.2.3. You are required to take all reasonable measures to avoid and reduce damages, in particular to make back-up copies of the Font Software and your computer data subject to the provisions of this agreement.

15.3. Pre-release Font Software Additional Terms. If the Font Software is pre-commercial release or beta software (“Pre-release Font Software”), then this section applies. The Pre-release Font Software is a pre-release version, does not represent final product from Adobe, and may contain bugs, errors and other problems that could cause system or other failures and data loss. Adobe may never commercially release the Pre- release Font Software. If you received the Pre-release Font Software pursuant to a separate written agreement, such as the Adobe Systems Incorporated Serial Agreement for Unreleased Products, your use of the Font Software is also governed by such agreement. You will return or destroy all copies of Pre-release Font Software upon request by Adobe or upon Adobe’s commercial release of such Font Software. Your use of Pre-release Font Software is at your own risk. See Sections 8 and 9 for warranty disclaimers and liability limitations which govern Pre-release Font Software.

15.4. Tryout, Product Sampler, NFR, Additional Terms. If the Font Software is tryout, starter, product sampler, or NFR software (“Tryout Font Software”), then the following section applies. The Tryout Font Software may contain limited functionality and is to be used for demonstration and evaluation purposes only and not for your commercial purposes. Your use of tryout font software is at your own risk. See Sections 8 and 9 for warranty disclaimers and liability limitations which govern tryout font software.

15.5. Time Out Font Software. If the Font Software is a timeout version then it will cease operations after a designated period of time or number of launches following installation. The license hereunder will terminate after such period or number of launches unless extended by Adobe upon your acquisition of a full retail license. Access to any files or output created with such software or any product associated with such software is entirely at your own risk.

15.6. Educational Font Software Product. If the Software accompanying this agreement is Educational Font Software Product (Software manufactured and distributed for use by only Educational End Users), you are not entitled to use the Font Software unless you qualify in your jurisdiction as an Educational End User. Please visit http://www.adobe.com/education/purchasing to learn if you qualify. To find an Adobe Authorized Academic Reseller in your area, please visit http://www.adobe.com/store and look for the link for Buying Adobe Products Worldwide.

15.7. Certified Documents. If the Font Software allows you to author and validate Certified Documents, then this section applies.

15.7.1. Certified Documents and CD Services. A “Certified Document” or “CD” is a PDF file that has been digitally signed using (a) the Software CD feature set; (b) a certificate; and (c) a “private” encryption key that corresponds to the “public” key in the certificate. Authoring of a CD requires that you obtain a certificate from an authorized CD Service Provider. “CD Service Provider” is an independent third party service vendor listed at http://www.adobe.com/security/partners_cds.html. Validation of a CD requires CD Services from the CD Service Provider that issued the certificate. “CD Services” are services provided by CD Service Providers, including but not limited to (a) certificates issued by such CD Service Provider for use with the Software’s CD feature set; (b) services related to issuance of certificates; and (c) other services related to certificates, including but not limited to verification services.

15.7.2. CD Service Providers. Although the Software provides CD authoring and validation features, Adobe does not supply the necessary CD Services required to use these features. Purchasing, availability and responsibility for the CD Services are between you and the CD Service Provider. Before you rely upon any CD, any digital signature applied thereto, and/or any related CD Services, you must first review and agree to the applicable Issuer Statement and this agreement. “Issuer Statement” means the terms and conditions under which each CD Service Provider offers CD Services (see the links on http://www.adobe.com/security/partners_cds.html), including for example any subscriber agreements, relying party agreements, certificate policies and practice statements, and Section 15.7 of this agreement. By validating a CD using CD Services, you acknowledge and agree that (a) the certificate used to digitally sign a CD may be revoked at the time of verification, making the digital signature on the CD appear valid when in fact it is not; (b) the security or integrity of a CD may be compromised due to an act or omission by the signer of the CD, the applicable CD Service Provider, or any other third party; and (c) you must read, understand, and be bound by the applicable Issuer Statement.

15.7.3. Warranty Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability. CD Service Providers offer CD Services solely in accordance with the applicable Issuer Statement. Except as may be provided in an issuer statement, your use of CD services is at your own risk. See Sections 8 and 9 for warranty disclaimers and liability limitations which govern CD services.

15.7.4. Indemnity. You agree to hold Adobe and any applicable CD Service Provider (except as expressly provided in its Issuer Statement) harmless from any and all liabilities, losses, actions, damages, or claims (including all reasonable expenses, costs, and attorneys fees) arising out of or relating to any use of, or reliance on, any CD Service, including, without limitation (a) reliance on an expired or revoked certificate; (b) improper verification of a certificate; (c) use of a certificate other than as permitted by any applicable Issuer Statement, this agreement or applicable law; (d) failure to exercise reasonable judgment under the circumstances in relying on the CD Services; or (e) failure to perform any of the obligations as required in an applicable Issuer Statement.

15.7.5. Third Party Beneficiaries. You agree that any CD Service Provider you utilize will be a third party beneficiary with respect to this section of this agreement and that such CD Service Provider will have the right to enforce such provisions in its own name as if the CD Service Provider were Adobe.

If you have any questions regarding this agreement or if you wish to request any information from Adobe please use the address and contact information included with this product to contact the Adobe office serving your jurisdiction.

Adobe_Type_EULA_15.05.22